BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

To the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.:

 Again, we must lead off with a few words about accounting. 
Since our last annual report, the accounting profession has 
decided that equity securities owned by insurance companies must 
be carried on the balance sheet at market value. We previously 
have carried such equity securities at the lower of aggregate 
cost or aggregate market value. Because we have large unrealized 
gains in our insurance equity holdings, the result of this new 
policy is to increase substantially both the 1978 and 1979 
yearend net worth, even after the appropriate liability is 
established for taxes on capital gains that would be payable 
should equities be sold at such market valuations.

 As you know, Blue Chip Stamps, our 60% owned subsidiary, is 
fully consolidated in Berkshire Hathaway's financial statements. 
However, Blue Chip still is required to carry its equity 
investments at the lower of aggregate cost or aggregate market 
value, just as Berkshire Hathaway's insurance subsidiaries did 
prior to this year. Should the same equities be purchased at an 
identical price by an insurance subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway 
and by Blue Chip Stamps, present accounting principles often 
would require that they end up carried on our consolidated 
balance sheet at two different values. (That should keep you on 
your toes.) Market values of Blue Chip Stamps' equity holdings 
are given in footnote 3 on page 18.

1979 Operating Results

 We continue to feel that the ratio of operating earnings 
(before securities gains or losses) to shareholders' equity with 
all securities valued at cost is the most appropriate way to 
measure any single year's operating performance.

 Measuring such results against shareholders' equity with 
securities valued at market could significantly distort the 
operating performance percentage because of wide year-to-year 
market value changes in the net worth figure that serves as the 
denominator. For example, a large decline in securities values 
could result in a very low "market value" net worth that, in 
turn, could cause mediocre operating earnings to look 
unrealistically good. Alternatively, the more successful that 
equity investments have been, the larger the net worth base 
becomes and the poorer the operating performance figure appears. 
Therefore, we will continue to report operating performance 
measured against beginning net worth, with securities valued at 
cost.

 On this basis, we had a reasonably good operating 
performance in 1979 - but not quite as good as that of 1978 - 
with operating earnings amounting to 18.6% of beginning net 
worth. Earnings per share, of course, increased somewhat (about 
20%) but we regard this as an improper figure upon which to 
focus. We had substantially more capital to work with in 1979 
than in 1978, and our performance in utilizing that capital fell 
short of the earlier year, even though per-share earnings rose. 
"Earnings per share" will rise constantly on a dormant savings 
account or on a U.S. Savings Bond bearing a fixed rate of return 
simply because "earnings" (the stated interest rate) are 
continuously plowed back and added to the capital base. Thus, 
even a "stopped clock" can look like a growth stock if the 
dividend payout ratio is low.

 The primary test of managerial economic performance is the 
achievement of a high earnings rate on equity capital employed 
(without undue leverage, accounting gimmickry, etc.) and not the 
achievement of consistent gains in earnings per share. In our 
view, many businesses would be better understood by their 
shareholder owners, as well as the general public, if managements 
and financial analysts modified the primary emphasis they place 
upon earnings per share, and upon yearly changes in that figure.

Long Term Results

 In measuring long term economic performance - in contrast to 
yearly performance - we believe it is appropriate to recognize 
fully any realized capital gains or losses as well as 
extraordinary items, and also to utilize financial statements 
presenting equity securities at market value. Such capital gains 
or losses, either realized or unrealized, are fully as important 
to shareholders over a period of years as earnings realized in a 
more routine manner through operations; it is just that their 
impact is often extremely capricious in the short run, a 
characteristic that makes them inappropriate as an indicator of 
single year managerial performance.

 The book value per share of Berkshire Hathaway on September 
30, 1964 (the fiscal yearend prior to the time that your present 
management assumed responsibility) was $19.46 per share. At 
yearend 1979, book value with equity holdings carried at market 
value was $335.85 per share. The gain in book value comes to 
20.5% compounded annually. This figure, of course, is far higher 
than any average of our yearly operating earnings calculations, 
and reflects the importance of capital appreciation of insurance 
equity investments in determining the overall results for our 
shareholders. It probably also is fair to say that the quoted 
book value in 1964 somewhat overstated the intrinsic value of the 
enterprise, since the assets owned at that time on either a going 
concern basis or a liquidating value basis were not worth 100 
cents on the dollar. (The liabilities were solid, however.)

 We have achieved this result while utilizing a low amount of 
leverage (both financial leverage measured by debt to equity, and 
operating leverage measured by premium volume to capital funds of 
our insurance business), and also without significant issuance or 
repurchase of shares. Basically, we have worked with the capital 
with which we started. From our textile base we, or our Blue 
Chip and Wesco subsidiaries, have acquired total ownership of 
thirteen businesses through negotiated purchases from private 
owners for cash, and have started six others. (It's worth a 
mention that those who have sold to us have, almost without 
exception, treated us with exceptional honor and fairness, both 
at the time of sale and subsequently.)

 But before we drown in a sea of self-congratulation, a 
further - and crucial - observation must be made. A few years 
ago, a business whose per-share net worth compounded at 20% 
annually would have guaranteed its owners a highly successful 
real investment return. Now such an outcome seems less certain. 
For the inflation rate, coupled with individual tax rates, will 
be the ultimate determinant as to whether our internal operating 
performance produces successful investment results - i.e., a 
reasonable gain in purchasing power from funds committed - for 
you as shareholders.

 Just as the original 3% savings bond, a 5% passbook savings 
account or an 8% U.S. Treasury Note have, in turn, been 
transformed by inflation into financial instruments that chew up, 
rather than enhance, purchasing power over their investment 
lives, a business earning 20% on capital can produce a negative 
real return for its owners under inflationary conditions not much 
more severe than presently prevail.

 If we should continue to achieve a 20% compounded gain - not 
an easy or certain result by any means - and this gain is 
translated into a corresponding increase in the market value of 
Berkshire Hathaway stock as it has been over the last fifteen 
years, your after-tax purchasing power gain is likely to be very 
close to zero at a 14% inflation rate. Most of the remaining six 
percentage points will go for income tax any time you wish to 
convert your twenty percentage points of nominal annual gain into 
cash.

 That combination - the inflation rate plus the percentage of 
capital that must be paid by the owner to transfer into his own 
pocket the annual earnings achieved by the business (i.e., 
ordinary income tax on dividends and capital gains tax on 
retained earnings) - can be thought of as an "investor's misery 
index". When this index exceeds the rate of return earned on 
equity by the business, the investor's purchasing power (real 
capital) shrinks even though he consumes nothing at all. We have 
no corporate solution to this problem; high inflation rates will 
not help us earn higher rates of return on equity.

 One friendly but sharp-eyed commentator on Berkshire has 
pointed out that our book value at the end of 1964 would have 
bought about one-half ounce of gold and, fifteen years later, 
after we have plowed back all earnings along with much blood, 
sweat and tears, the book value produced will buy about the same 
half ounce. A similar comparison could be drawn with Middle 
Eastern oil. The rub has been that government has been 
exceptionally able in printing money and creating promises, but 
is unable to print gold or create oil.

 We intend to continue to do as well as we can in managing 
the internal affairs of the business. But you should understand 
that external conditions affecting the stability of currency may 
very well be the most important factor in determining whether 
there are any real rewards from your investment in Berkshire 
Hathaway.

Sources of Earnings

 We again present a table showing the sources of Berkshire's 
earnings. As explained last year, Berkshire owns about 60% of 
Blue Chip Stamps which, in turn, owns 80% of Wesco Financial 
Corporation. The table shows both aggregate earnings of the 
various business entities, as well as Berkshire's share. All of 
the significant capital gains or losses attributable to any of 
the business entities are aggregated in the realized securities 
gain figure at the bottom of the table, and are not included in 
operating earnings.

 [Tables and detailed financial data omitted for brevity]

Textiles and Retailing

 The relative significance of these two areas has diminished 
somewhat over the years as our insurance business has grown 
dramatically in size and earnings. Ben Rosner, at Associated 
Retail Stores, continues to pull rabbits out of the hat - big 
rabbits from a small hat. Year after year, he produces very 
large earnings relative to capital employed - realized in cash 
and not in increased receivables and inventories as in many other 
retail businesses - in a segment of the market with little growth 
and unexciting demographics. Ben is now 76 and, like our other 
"up-and-comers", Gene Abegg, 82, at Illinois National and Louis 
Vincenti, 74, at Wesco, regularly achieves more each year.

 Our textile business also continues to produce some cash, 
but at a low rate compared to capital employed. This is not a 
reflection on the managers, but rather on the industry in which 
they operate. In some businesses - a network TV station, for 
example - it is virtually impossible to avoid earning 
extraordinary returns on tangible capital employed in the 
business. And assets in such businesses sell at equally 
extraordinary prices, one thousand cents or more on the dollar, a 
valuation reflecting the splendid, almost unavoidable, economic 
results obtainable. Despite a fancy price tag, the "easy" 
business may be the better route to go.

 We can speak from experience, having tried the other route. 
Your Chairman made the decision a few years ago to purchase 
Waumbec Mills in Manchester, New Hampshire, thereby expanding our 
textile commitment. By any statistical test, the purchase price 
was an extraordinary bargain; we bought well below the working 
capital of the business and, in effect, got very substantial 
amounts of machinery and real estate for less than nothing. But 
the purchase was a mistake. While we labored mightily, new 
problems arose as fast as old problems were tamed.

 Both our operating and investment experience cause us to 
conclude that "turnarounds" seldom turn, and that the same 
energies and talent are much better employed in a good business 
purchased at a fair price than in a poor business purchased at a 
bargain price. Although a mistake, the Waumbec acquisition has 
not been a disaster. Certain portions of the operation are 
proving to be valuable additions to our decorator line (our 
strongest franchise) at New Bedford, and it's possible that we 
may be able to run profitably on a considerably reduced scale at 
Manchester. However, our original rationale did not prove out.

Insurance Underwriting

 We predicted last year that the combined underwriting ratio 
for the insurance industry would "move up at least a few points, 
perhaps enough to throw the industry as a whole into an 
underwriting loss position". That is just about the way it worked 
out. The industry underwriting ratio rose in 1979 over three 
points, from roughly 97.4% to 100.7%. We also said that we 
thought our underwriting performance relative to the industry 
would improve somewhat in 1979 and, again, things worked out 
as expected. Our own underwriting ratio actually decreased from 
98.2% to 97.1%. Our forecast for 1980 is similar in one respect; 
again we feel that the industry's performance will worsen by at 
least another few points. However, this year we have no reason to 
think that our performance relative to the industry will further 
improve.

 Really extraordinary results were turned in by the portion 
of National Indemnity Company's insurance operation run by Phil 
Liesche. Aided by Roland Miller in Underwriting and Bill Lyons 
in Claims, this section of the business produced an underwriting 
profit of $8.4 million on about $82 million of earned premiums. 
Only a very few companies in the entire industry produced a 
result comparable to this.

 [Additional content continues with detailed insurance operations, 
 investment discussions, banking, financial reporting, and prospects]

Prospects

 Last year we said that we expected operating earnings in 
dollars to improve but return on equity to decrease. This turned 
out to be correct. Our forecast for 1980 is the same. If we are 
wrong, it will be on the downside. In other words, we are 
virtually certain that our operating earnings expressed as a 
percentage of the new equity base of approximately $236 million, 
valuing securities at cost, will decline from the 18.6% attained 
in 1979. There is also a fair chance that operating earnings in 
aggregate dollars will fall short of 1979; the outcome depends 
partly upon the date of disposition of the bank, partly upon the 
degree of slippage in insurance underwriting profitability, and 
partly upon the severity of earnings problems in the savings and 
loan industry.

 We continue to feel very good about our insurance equity 
investments. Over a period of years, we expect to develop very 
large and growing amounts of underlying earning power 
attributable to our fractional ownership of these companies. In 
most cases they are splendid businesses, splendidly managed, 
purchased at highly attractive prices.

 Your company is run on the principle of centralization of 
financial decisions at the top (the very top, it might be added), 
and rather extreme delegation of operating authority to a number 
of key managers at the individual company or business unit level. 
We could just field a basketball team with our corporate 
headquarters group (which utilizes only about 1500 square feet of 
space).

 This approach produces an occasional major mistake that 
might have been eliminated or minimized through closer operating 
controls. But it also eliminates large layers of costs and 
dramatically speeds decision-making. Because everyone has a 
great deal to do, a very great deal gets done. Most important of 
all, it enables us to attract and retain some extraordinarily 
talented individuals - people who simply can't be hired in the 
normal course of events - who find working for Berkshire to be 
almost identical to running their own show.

 We have placed much trust in them - and their achievements 
have far exceeded that trust.

 Warren E. Buffett, Chairman
March 3, 1980