BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

To the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.:

Our gain in net worth during 2003 was $13.6 billion, which increased the per-share book value of both our Class A and Class B stock by 21%. Over the last 39 years (that is, since present management took over) per-share book value has grown from $19 to $50,498, a rate of 22.2% compounded annually.*

It's per-share intrinsic value that counts, however, not book value. Here, the news is good: Between 1964 and 2003, Berkshire morphed from a struggling northern textile business whose intrinsic value was less than book into a widely diversified enterprise worth far more than book. Our 39-year gain in intrinsic value has therefore somewhat exceeded our 22.2% gain in book.

[Full 2003 letter continues with detailed discussions on operating earnings, acquisitions, taxes, corporate governance, insurance operations, and more]

Despite their shortcomings, book value calculations are useful at Berkshire as a slightly understated gauge for measuring the long-term rate of increase in our intrinsic value.

Operating Earnings

When valuations are similar, we strongly prefer owning businesses to owning stocks. During most of our years of operation, however, stocks were much the cheaper choice.

[Detailed earnings tables and analysis]

Acquisitions

As regular readers know, our acquisitions have often come about in strange ways. None, however, had a more unusual genesis than our purchase last year of Clayton Homes.

[Discussion of Clayton Homes and McLane acquisitions]

Taxes

On May 20, 2003, The Washington Post ran an op-ed piece by me that was critical of the Bush tax proposals.

[Tax discussion continues]

Corporate Governance

In judging whether Corporate America is serious about reforming itself, CEO pay remains the acid test. To date, the results aren't encouraging.

[Corporate governance analysis]

Insurance Operations

Let's start with insurance - since that's where the money is.

The fountain of funds we enjoy in our insurance operations comes from "float," which is money that doesn't belong to us but that we temporarily hold.

[Detailed insurance operations analysis including GEICO, General Re, Ajit Jain's reinsurance business]

Regulated Utility Businesses

Through MidAmerican Energy Holdings, we own an 80.5% (fully diluted) interest in a wide variety of utility operations.

[Sections on MidAmerican and utility businesses]

Manufacturing, Service and Retailing

Let me move on to describing the many businesses we acquired or started in 2003.

[Discussion of various business acquisitions and operations]

Financial Results

Below is a Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:

[Financial statements and detailed figures]

Earnings from Investments

Our equity securities portfolio (excluding our Cash Equivalents and Straight Debentures) ended 2003 with a market value of $58.9 billion.

[Investment portfolio discussion]

Summary

Charlie and I are extraordinary lucky. We were born in America; had terrific parents who saw that we got good educations; have enjoyed wonderful families and great health; and came equipped with a "business" gene that allows us to prosper in a manner hugely disproportionate to other people who contribute as much or more to our society's well-being.

February 28, 2007 would be incorrect - actually:

February 28, 2004

Warren E. Buffett
Chairman of the Board